Hey, drive, drive, haha, ingot drive.
Shall we sleep?
Dad, can you tell me a story?
OK
Today, Dad will tell you the story of the Little Prince
On the fifth day, it was still because of the lamb.
I discovered another little secret about the little prince
This man really made the right choice
And with so much power
So gentle with ingots
Let you come to my house to live all for ingots
I don't want to say it again
I'm such a beauty in front of you
You really don't feel it at all?
Put your clothes on.
You weren't like that back then
How enthusiastic were you back then?
You know who I am
So I've met all kinds of people
For me
No heart at all
That's because you haven't officially been with me.
Shy